Type conversion in school now there are two types of type conversion as well.
The first one is implicit and the second one is explicit explicit can be achieved through two methods
.
Method number one is using the cost function and method number two is using the convert function.
Well we'll talk about cost and convert in the next tutorials of this section.
And today we'll look at the implicit type conversion.
Now it is difficult to give an implicit type of conversion because we don't have tables.
Right now we have defined types so I will say that we will have implicit upconversion will heavily rely
upon it in the next section of the course.
And when we get there I will put up this star like this in the tutorial in the video of the turtle so
when you see that then remember that you we've already spoken about implicit type conversion and it
was in this tutorial so when you see that star refer back to this tutorial if you need to refresh on
implicit type conversion.
And for now what I'll say is implicit conversion is when Dadda is converted automatically by a skill
when you don't have to specify exactly how the data should be converted when a skill can understand
based on where the data is coming from and where it's going to how that data should be converted and
into what type and there is actually a great table.
So I'll bring that up now.
There it is.
I will attach this to this tutorial.
You can download it.
It's a PDA file.
It basically tells you what you can convert implicitly and what you can convert implicitly here in gray
in this table are marks those types that can convert from one to another implicitly.
So here you've got the types where the data is coming from.
And here are the types where the data is going to and in red.
I've highlighted the role which is responsible for var char so because all of our royal data files are
stored as text so they're in Bartsch are.
This is the only role that we actually need here so let's zoom in a bit and you will see so if char
cannot go into Beanery binary x.
Implicitly it has to.
You have to state an explicit explicit conversion.
It can't go to var binary but we don't really mind because we don't want using it be using these two
types.
And also timestamp Lavarch Arcano into timestep we won't be using timestamps either the ones that we
will be using our VAR char.
So basically have our turn to our.
Makes no sense as why it's empty here.
So what else will we using date time maybe date will be using Date.
You can have an implicit conversion here float where you can have an implicit conversion here.
You can have an implicit conversion here and that's pretty much it.
That's all the types we'll be using So all of them are possible.
The implicit conversion is possible as long as the destination where the data is going is set up correctly
and also your daughter itself in the text is formatted well.
We'll talk more about this in the next section when we do get to implicit conversion and when you see
that star which I talked about in the tutorial.
But for now that's it maybe download this file just in case so you can refer back to when you need it
.
But basically what it's saying is var char can be implicitly converted to the data types that we'll
be working with in this course.